README.md, before:

# JavaScript Club

A series of lessons to improve existing JavaScript knowledge.

## Current Lessons

- 01: Basics (How to Program)

## Software Used

I use deck.js to handle the slides. This repository contains a version of
deck.js but I recommend going directly to the [deck.js GitHub
repository](https://github.com/imakewebthings/deck.js/) if you want your own
copy - it will be far more up-to-date.

### Basic use

- Use left and right cursor keys to navigate back and forward
- Type `g` to open the "go to" menu and select a slide.

## License

The JavaScript Club files and lessons are licensed under the MIT License.
A very brief summary of the license can be found at [tl;dr
Legal](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license) and full details can be found
in LICENSE.txt.

Files that are **excluded** from this license are the deck.js files (located in
the "deck" folder). At time of writing, these files are also licensed under MIT
but the [deck.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/imakewebthings/deck.js/)
should be checked for clarification as I do not own the copyright to that
software.

Commit message:

Fixing typo in readme file

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Club

A series of lessons to improve existing JavaScript knowledge.

## Current Lessons

- 01: Basics (How to Program)

## Software Used

I use deck.js to handle the slides. This repository contains a version of
deck.js but I recommend going directly to the [deck.js GitHub
repository](https://github.com/imakewebthings/deck.js/) if you want your own
copy - it will be far more up-to-date.

### Basic use

- Use left and right cursor keys to navigate back and forward
- Type `g` to open the "go to" menu and select a slide.

## License

The JavaScript Club files and lessons are licensed under the MIT License.
A very brief summary of the license can be found at [tl;dr
Legal](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license) and full details can be found
in LICENSE.txt.

Files that are **excluded** from this license are the deck.js files (located in
the "deck" folder). At time of writing, these files are also licensed under MIT
(license file included in the "deck" folder) but the [deck.js GitHub
repository](https://github.com/imakewebthings/deck.js/) should be checked for
clarification as I do not own the copyright to that software.
